I have the pleasure to present to you
dr. Martin Luther King
I'm happy to join with you today in what
will go down in history as the greatest
demonstration for freedom in the history
of our nation.  Five score years ago a
great American in whose symbolic shadow
we stand today signed the Emancipation
Proclamation this momentous decree came
as a great beacon light of hope to
millions of Negro slaves who had been
seared in the flames of withering
injustice it came as a joyous daybreak
to end the long night of their captivity
but 100 years later the Negro still is
not free one hundred years later the
life of the Negro is still sadly
crippled by the manacles of segregation
and the chains of discrimination 100
years later the Negro lives on a lonely
island of poverty I have
but one day this nation will rise up
live out the true meaning of its Creed
we always choose to be self-evident that
all men are created
I have a dream sons of former slaves and
the sons of former slave on will be able
to sit down together at the table of
brotherhood I have a dream that one day
even the state of Mississippi a state
sweltering with the heat of injustice
sweltering with the heat of oppression
be transformed into an oasis of freedom
and justice I have a dream my little
children will one day live in a nation
where they will not be judged by the
color of their skin but by the content
of their character I have agreed
dream that one day down in Alabama with
its vicious racists with its governor
having his lips dripping with the words
of interposition and nullification
little black boys and black girls will
be able to join hands with little white
boys and white girls
they're revealing mountain shall be made
low the rough places will be made plain
and the crooked places will be made with
this faith we will be able to hew out of
the mountain of despair of soul with
this faith we will be able to transform
the jangling discords of our nation into
a beautiful symphony of brotherhood with
this faith we will be able to work
together to pray together to struggle
together to go to jail together to stand
up for freedom together
we'll be able to sing with new meaning
my country tis of thee sweet land of
liberty of thee I sing land where my
fathers died land of the pilgrims pride
from every mountainside let freedom ring
and of America's to be a great nation
this must become true
so let's freedom ring from the
prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire let
freedom ring from the mighty mountains
of New York let freedom ring from the
heightening Alleghenies of Pennsylvania
let freedom ring from the snow-capped
Rockies of Colorado let freedom ring
from the curvaceous slopes of California
but not on to that let freedom ring from
Stone Mountain of Georgia
let freedom ring from Lookout Mountain
of Tennessee
let freedom ring from every Hill
from every state and every city we will
be able to speed up that day when all of
God's children black men and white men
Jews and Gentiles Protestants and
Catholics will be able to join hands and
sing in the words of the old Negro
spiritual free at last